Add and update information for powerpacks (#27921)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/guide/powerpacks-best-practices.md

### Updating a Powerpack

> Simplify the process of updating duplicate content across several dashboards by. Changes made to an existing custom Powerpack are reflected across all instances of the same Powerpack.

Author: ```suggestion
Changes to an existing custom Powerpack are applied to all instances of that Powerpack, simplifying updates across multiple dashboards. Click **Edit Powerpack Layout** to modify synced Powerpack instances.
```
